This is Dugan president.
这是杜根总统。
I'm afraid we have a heck of a situation down here.
恐怕我们这里出了点问题。
How bad could it be, Ben?
会有多严重，本？
Ignore it.
忽略它。
We've got Soviet aircraft coming out of small directions and ground troops pushing up through Mexico.
苏联的飞机从各个方向飞过来，地面部队也从墨西哥境内推进。
I don't know how they snuck in on this.
我不知道他们是怎么混进来的。
You better double check this with NORAD.
最好和 NORAD 核实一下。
This doesn't make any sense.
这没有任何意义。
I'll call the Kremlin. Will do.
我给克里姆林宫打电话，我这就去。
Premier Romanov here.
我是罗曼诺夫总理。
What's going on over there, Alex?
那边怎么了，亚历克斯？
Why, Mr. President, what do you mean, Alex?
总统先生，你是什么意思，亚历克斯？
I have.
我有。
You're throwing everything.
你什么都扔。
You've got it, Alex.
你说得对，亚历克斯。
We're supposed to be allies, you maniac.
我们应该是盟友，你这个疯子。
I'm the one that put you into office.
是我把你推上了总统的位置。
Listen, I am not your pet, Mr. President.
听着，我不是你的宠物，总统先生。
We Romanovs have our legacy to consider. Don't give a good nickel about your legacy.
我们罗曼诺夫家族有自己的传统，不要为了你的遗产而考虑。
You call them off.
你叫他们走开。
You called him off.
你把他叫停了。
We'll retaliate, but don't be so sure, Mr. President.
我们会报复，但不要太肯定，总统先生。
Verification you mentioned sweet mother.
您提到的验证甜妈。
It's time to hit back.
是时候反击了。
Make it happen. Yes, Sir.
让它发生吧，是的，长官。
That's General Carvel.
那就是卡维尔将军。
Soviet invasion confirmed. Execute Law Charter 010 Adam Delta Charter now confirmation missiles.
苏联入侵已确认，执行《010 亚当·三角洲宪章》，确认导弹。
Prime Missile Command.
总理导弹司令部。
10 seconds to launch.
10 秒后发射。
Open the missile silos.
打开导弹发射井。
Jerry, what? We have to open the silos. We'll explode on the.
杰瑞，怎么了？ 我们必须打开筒仓，否则会爆炸的。
That's not who doors are closed.
那不是关门的人。
Is he done, Yuri?
他完了吗，尤里？
I'm not coming up here.
我不会上来的。
It has only begun.
才刚刚开始。
Commander, good morning.
指挥官，早上好。
We've successfully instituted the President's emergency Lazarus Protocol.
我们已经成功实施了总统的紧急“拉撒路计划”。
I'm Lieutenant Eva, the Intel officer assigned to your command, and since you're the only commander left alive, I guess I'm pretty lucky to have a job,
我是伊娃中尉，是被派到你指挥下的情报官，因为你是唯一一个活着的指挥官，我想我很幸运能有一份工作，
It appears that we've suffered a full scale Soviet invasion.
看来我们遭受了苏联的全面入侵。
Nearly all our major cities are under siege and our forces are in complete disarray.
我们几乎所有的主要城市都被围困，我们的军队完全陷入混乱。
Please stand by commander.
请稍候，指挥官。
We have an incoming broadcast from General Cargo with the Pentagon.
我们收到了来自五角大楼的货运广播。
I hope you're resting ready, Commander, because it's about 800 hours.
我希望你能好好休息，指挥官，因为还有 800 个小时。
You're in control of every satellite, base, tank, airplane, enlisted man, woman and child in the eastern United States.
你控制着美国东部的每一颗卫星、每一个基地、每一辆坦克、每一架飞机、每一个士兵、每一个女人和每一个孩子。
You answer to the president and you answer to me.
你要对总统负责，也要对我负责。
Your OPS officer and vital lifeline will be the Lieutenant.
你的 OPS 官员和生命线将是中尉。
Your point man for this mission will be Special Agent Tonya.
这次任务的负责人是特工托尼娅。
General.
将军。
I hope the commander is up to speed because we don't have time to waste.
我希望指挥官能跟上进度，因为我们没有时间浪费。
I'm sure Tonya has every confidence in you, Commander. I'm sure.
我相信托尼娅对你有信心，指挥官，我相信。
Well, it's not your life that's on the line out here.
好吧，这里不是你的人生。
She's the best there is, but you'll get along better with the Soviets.
她是最好的，但你会和苏联人相处得更好。
You'll get started immediately.
您将立即开始。
First off, New York, the Lieutenant will give you the details.
首先，纽约，中尉会告诉你详情。
Not long ago, the Soviets made an amphibious landing on Manhattan Island and are using their ground truth to systematically take over the city,
不久前，苏联在曼哈顿岛进行了一次两栖登陆，并利用他们的地面情报系统有计划地占领了这座城市。
Fortunately, we still have a hold on Port Bradley, but our commlink has been severed.
幸运的是，我们仍然控制着布拉德利港，但我们的通讯线路已经中断。
If you can get Agent Tonya into Bradley, she will reestablish the link.
如果你能让托尼娅探员进入布拉德利，她就能重新建立联系。
Good luck man.
祝你好运。
Ioffer special invitation to citizens of United States from the great Soviet Union.
我向伟大的苏联人民发出特别邀请。
See your liberty, how she lies broken before you in but a moment's time.
看看你的自由吧，她在你面前破碎，只在一瞬间。
Your most powerful city of New York will follow in her footsteps.
纽约这座最强大的城市将追随她的脚步。
A choice is yours.
选择权在你。
You can continue to mourn your past or surrender and join us in the great Soviet revolution.
你可以继续哀悼你的过去，或者投降，加入我们伟大的苏联革命。
Tonya here. Listen up.
我是托尼娅，听我说。
We got a couple commie dreadnoughts in the harbor. Looking for a special sightseeing tour on the Hudson River.
我们在港口发现了几艘共党的无畏舰，想在哈德逊河上进行一次特别的观光之旅。
I say we give him a very special view of the bottom first.
我说我们先给他一个特别的视角。
Good work Commander.
干得好，指挥官。
We're back in contact with the Fort. Tonya has sent over Intel on the location of an important Soviet supply base in the area,
我们已经和堡垒重新取得联系了。托尼娅已经把有关该地区苏联重要补给基地的情报发给我们了。
General Carville would like to dispose of it ASAP.
卡维尔将军希望尽快处理掉它。
Keep up the good work, Sir.
继续努力，先生。
Mr. President.
总统先生
The Europeans will be asking for our help before too long.
欧洲人很快就会向我们寻求帮助。
Yes, Sir, I'll take care of.
是的，先生，我会处理的。
Just ain't right.
这不对。
We shouldn't have to beg for help from anyone.
我们不应该向任何人乞求帮助。
They may Romanov get that whole continent shaking in their boots.
他们可能会让整个大陆都为之震动。
Romanoff sending his bulldog General Vladimir for our air bases.
罗曼诺夫派他的斗牛犬弗拉基米尔将军去我们的空军基地。
His forces are romping through the country like an angry bull at the Texas rodeo.
他的军队像一头愤怒的公牛一样在德克萨斯州的牛仔竞技场横冲直撞。
No 500.
不是 500 号。
This morning we detected a large force of Soviet tanks assembled near the Air Force Academy of Colorado Springs.
今天早上，我们发现苏联的大量坦克在科罗拉多斯普林斯空军学院附近集结。
Sir, urgent transmission from Agent Tonya in the field.
长官，现场托尼娅特工发来紧急信息。
It looks like Tommy's attached to the Academy General.
看来汤米被派到了学院总务处。
Why the devil do you wait till now to contact us?
你们为什么现在才联系我们？
We can't let Vladimir take that air base.
我们不能让弗拉基米尔占领那个空军基地。
With all due respect, Sir, we've been a little busy.
尊敬的先生，我们有点忙。
Commander. Get Tonya out of the holes he dug for himself to make a useful would you?
指挥官，把托尼娅从他挖的洞里救出来，让她有用武之地，你愿意吗？
I'm sure she'll appreciate it. What the heck?
我相信她会很高兴的。 到底是怎么回事？
We seem to have lost on his transmission.
我们似乎在他的传输中丢失了。
Go to it commander.
去吧，指挥官。
Rockets in the sky?
天空中的火箭？
I've located a group of rocketeers in Colorado Springs.
我在科罗拉多斯普林斯找到了一群火箭专家。
They're ready to move in on our orders, ready to strike.
他们已经准备好按照我们的命令行动，准备好发动袭击。
And in short order.
而且很快。
All young and old pledge allegiance to our new leader, Premier Romanov of the USSR.
所有的年轻人和老年人都宣誓效忠我们的新领袖，苏联总理罗曼诺夫。
Commander, your performance in Colorado was pretty darn impressive, but things have changed since you've been away fighting.
指挥官，你在科罗拉多的表现非常出色，但自从你离开去打仗后，情况就变了。
The war is over when I've come to realize.
当我意识到的时候，战争就结束了。
Is that the Commons and us want the same things?
这就是下议院和我们想要的吗？
It appears that the president and even General Carville are under the influence of a Soviet psychic beacon.
看来总统和卡维尔将军都受到了苏联精神灯塔的影响。
It's a mind control device developed by this man.
这是这个人开发的一种精神控制装置。
This is Yuri. Our intelligence sources now believe that Yuri and his psychic core are the ones responsible for compromising our defenses before the invasion.
这是尤里。我们的情报来源现在认为尤里和他的精神核心是入侵前破坏我们防御的罪魁祸首。
Right now, the Soviets control much of the population in the area.
目前，苏联控制着该地区的大部分人口。
Don't worry Commander, I'm not ready yet.
别担心，指挥官，我还没准备好。
Intelligence has not yet determined the exact location of the beacon, but you can be sure it will be heavily guarded by the Soviets.
情报部门尚未确定灯塔的确切位置，但可以肯定的是，苏联会对其严加保护。
I can link you to all the unaffected troops in the area.
我可以把你和该地区所有未受影响的部队联系起来。
Use them to destroy the beacon and the beacon destroy.
用它们摧毁灯塔，灯塔就会被摧毁。
The president will be free to secure a safer location.
总统将可以自由地寻找一个更安全的地方。
For paying you, it isn't enough.
为了支付你的费用，这还不够。
I don't know how you got out of this mess, but I'm extremely grateful.
我不知道你是怎么摆脱困境的，但我非常感谢你。
After this is over, I'm going to promote you whatever you like, except President.
这件事结束后，我会提拔你，任你喜欢的职位，除了总统。
Keep an eye out, Commander.
注意了，指挥官。
I need you out there.
我需要你在那里。
I don't know what the Sam Hill happened back there, Commander, but as you can see, we're getting sent right here.
我不知道在那边发生了什么，指挥官，但你看，我们被派到这里来了。
I know Canada.
我了解加拿大。
More cows up here than people.
这里的牛比人还多。
Well, let's get to work.
好了，我们开始工作吧。
The Lieutenant will feel again.
中尉会再次感觉到的。
It looks like General Vladimir just hit Chicago hard.
弗拉基米尔将军似乎刚刚对芝加哥进行了猛烈的打击。
The nearest available forces are across Lake MI.
最近的可用部队位于 MI 湖对面。
Intel suggests an amphibious assault across the lake.
英特尔建议在湖上进行两栖攻击。
I guess there's a first time for everything.
我想，万事都有第一次。
Good luck, Amanda. Commander, we have just received an Intelligence Report on Soviet activity in the Chicago area.
祝你好运，阿曼达。指挥官，我们刚刚收到一份关于苏联在芝加哥地区活动的情报报告。
This is a psychic amplifier.
这是一个心理放大器。
Our theory is that if turned on, it can do to the country with the psychic beacon did to Washington.
我们的理论是，如果开启，它可以对这个国家造成与华盛顿一样的心理灯塔效应。
General Carville wants you to find it and destroy it.
卡维尔将军希望你找到并摧毁它。
Commander, they never saw us coming.
指挥官，他们根本没看到我们。
That was splendid.
那太棒了。
Hear me, you foul American Phantom.
听我说，你这个肮脏的美国幽灵。
Wherever you are, you can work your armies like a puppete
无论你在哪里，你都可以像操纵木偶一样指挥你的军队
All you want, but this is my play.
你想要的，都是我的游戏。
Here is the city that you have saved without the psychic amplifier, which you thought nationally destroyed.
这里是你拯救的城市，没有精神放大器，你以为全国都毁了。
I no longer have much use of it.
我已经不怎么用它了。
Behold a power of mother rocker.
瞧，这是一位母亲摇滚的力量。
Good afternoon, commander. The President of the European Council are ready for you.
下午好，欧洲理事会主席已经准备好了。
Please hang on while I put you through.
请稍候，我正在为您接通。
Commander, I'm glad you could make it. The European Council and I have been discussing an aid package.
指挥官，很高兴你能来，我和欧洲理事会一直在讨论援助计划。
Possibility of an aid package for the USA nuclear attack in Chicago seems to have sparked their interest.
美国对芝加哥进行核打击的援助计划似乎引起了他们的兴趣。
You don't think there's a differential situation, Mr. President, before us?
总统先生，你不认为我们面前的情况有什么不同吗？
the United States is fair.
美国是公平的。
Far away.
很远。
Remember, the point is we've agreed to exchange Agent Tanya's services on this operation for soldiers and supplies from the Alliance,
记住，我们已经同意用塔尼亚特工交换联盟的士兵和物资，
provided conditions on it.
提供了相关条件。
Can you just hold on a second? This is my opinion.
请稍等一下，这是我的看法。
We all need leaders, Agent.
我们都需要领导者，特工。
No, we have no time to train this guy, Mr.
不，我们没时间训练他，先生。
President.
总统。
You want my men, you hook me up with my commander.
你想要我的人，就把我的指挥官给我。
Very well, if you're on board, Commander, it looks like you've been drafted.
好吧，如果你加入我们，指挥官，那你就被征召了。
The Prime Minister will give you the details.
总理会给你详细说明。
The objects you see in the second photograph are Soviet missile silos.
第二张照片中的物体是苏联导弹发射井。
As you can see commander, they are a bit too close for comfort.
指挥官，你可以看到，它们离得太近了。
I believe Romanov's intention is to keep us out of the old war.
我相信罗曼诺夫的意图是让我们远离旧战争。
Our men will go nowhere until this threat is eliminated.
在消除这一威胁之前，我们的人不会去任何地方。
Take care of these silos and this war may be close to an end.
好好照顾这些筒仓，这场战争可能就快结束了。
Or counting on you commander.
或者指望你的指挥官。
Sir, be on the lookout for Soviet guard dogs.
长官，注意苏联的警犬。
They've been released to sniff out our spies.
他们被释放出来，是为了嗅出我们的间谍。
Looks like our crack spy team's been compromised.
看来我们的间谍小组被渗透了。
I could use a couple more, and let's not use the Italian spies this time, OK?
我还需要几个，这次就不用意大利间谍了，好吗？
It looks like we're in.
看起来我们要进去了。
Our spies have infiltrated the Soviets battle labs and relayed the specs on their silo locations.
我们的间谍已经渗透进苏联的作战实验室，并将他们的筒仓位置的规格传递了过来。
I'm ready to rock'n'roll, commander, so let's take out those silos and head on home.
我准备好摇滚了，指挥官，我们去把那些筒仓炸掉，然后回家。
Get a little chilly over here.
这里有点冷。
I'm gonna hand it to you, kid.
我把它交给你，孩子。
I've never seen Tonya stick her neck out for anybody.
我从来没见过托尼娅为别人出头。
She's on an assignment back home, but she did ask me to convey any regards that she could muster.
她正在执行一项任务，但她让我转达她的问候。
I'm not at any rate you.
我不是你。
You must have really impressed those Germans too.
你一定给德国人留下了深刻的印象。
And appreciation. Their chancellor has put us in touch with their leading citizen.
还有感激之情。他们的总理让我们与他们的领袖人物取得联系。
Doctor Einstein.
爱因斯坦医生。
You still there?
你还在吗?
I. I am here 1 moment.
I. 我在这里 1 分钟。
Madam.
夫人。
No, of course, that war, which is not my vocation.
不，当然不是，那场战争不是我的使命。
I am only a scientist.
我只是一名科学家。
But Soviet Premier Romanovont is generals.
但苏联总理罗曼诺夫是将军。
They will stop at nothing to rule the minds on the bodies of everyone on the planet when they do have the psychic technology to do this.
当他们拥有这样做的精神技术时，他们将不遗余力地统治地球上每个人的身体。
I too.
我也是。
I know a few tricks.
我知道一些小技巧。
She's a plant for a prison tower.
她是一座监狱塔楼的植物。
Your president, he has expressed great interest in its application.
你们的总统对它的应用表现出极大的兴趣。
Thanks, Doc.
谢谢，医生。
Commander, the Reds have established a forward base near DC with the ability to deploy Tesla coils.
指挥官，红军在 DC 附近建立了一个前方基地，能够部署特斯拉线圈。
Now they're pretty well entrenched.
现在，他们已经根深蒂固。
But I think if we can take the capital back, we can turn the tide.
但我认为，如果我们能夺回首都，我们就能扭转局势。
I'm tired of hanging out in Canada.
我已经厌倦了在加拿大闲逛。
Get me my office back.
把我的办公室还给我。
Yeah, Amanda, I have something very interesting to show you.
是的，阿曼达，我有一些非常有趣的东西要给你看。
Please spit up.
请吐出来。
I want you to take a look.
我想让你看一下。
You see?
你看到了吗？
When prison power X, it is placed close to prison power Y.
当监狱权力 X 时，它被放置在监狱权力 Y 附近。
The energy produced by the central power will be increased by a factor of X / y * 2.
中央电力产生的能量将增加 X / y * 2 倍。
Beautiful, yeah?
漂亮吧？
Sir, the Soviets have released their terror drones.
长官，苏联人已经释放了他们的恐怖无人机。
If our tanks get too close, these mechanical arachnids will tear them to shreds.
如果我们的坦克靠得太近，这些机械蜘蛛就会把它们撕成碎片。
No rest for the weary, commander.
指挥官，没有休息的时间。
Sorry to wake you, but General Carville has called an emergency debriefing scheduled to begin right now.
抱歉吵醒你，但卡维尔将军要求召开紧急会议，会议将立即开始。
Good morning, Commander.
早上好，指挥官。
Good news and bad news.
好消息和坏消息。
Good news is it's great to be home again.
好消息是，我又回家了。
The bad news is our Youtubes picked up a fleet of Soviet ships entering the South Pacific.
坏消息是我们的 YouTube 频道发现了苏联舰队进入南太平洋。
It appears that General Vladimir is headed for Pacific Command Center in Pearl Harbor.
弗拉基米尔将军似乎正前往珍珠港的太平洋司令部中心。
As if they could mount a successful attack against us.
好像他们能对我们发动成功的袭击。
I want you to prepare a genuine Aloha for that little bulldog, Vladimir.
我希望你为那只小斗牛犬弗拉基米尔准备一份真正的阿罗哈。
And get yourself a cup of coffee, commander.
给自己倒杯咖啡，指挥官。
You look dead in the Texas armadillo.
你看起来像死在德克萨斯犰狳身上。
Sir, this is not looking good.
先生，情况不妙。
We don't get relief soon. We're finished.
我们很快就会得到救援，我们完了。
Beautiful job in Hawaii, Commander.
夏威夷的工作做得漂亮，指挥官。
I know you have your heart set on seeing the beach at Waikiki, but we have new business in Saint Louis,
我知道你想去威基基海滩，但我们在圣路易斯有新的业务。
Louis, the heart of Missouri is now the beating breast of all our ground control operations for the country.
路易斯，密苏里州的心脏现在是我们所有地面控制业务的心脏。
We'd be in sorry shape without her. The problem is that Yuri and his psychic corps have dropped another psychic beacon in the town.
没有她，我们就完蛋了。问题是尤里和他的精神军团又在镇上丢下了一个精神信标。
I never wanted to send you in against our own citizens.
我从来没有想过派你去对付我们自己的公民。
But those psychic beacons are turning upstanding Americans into Soviet controlled killers.
但是，这些精神信标正在把正直的美国人变成苏联控制的杀手。
Move fast.
动作快点。
Move wisely.
明智地行动。
And try not to hurt any of my constituents.
请不要伤害我的任何选民。
All right.
好吧。
Unfortunately, you may have to. Tanya's strike team is in place and standing by, but we can't tell how long they can go before the beacon takes its effect on them.
很遗憾，你可能不得不这么做。Tanya 的突击小队已经就位，随时待命，但我们不知道他们能坚持多久，灯塔才能对他们产生作用。
One moment, Commander.
请稍候，指挥官。
Oh, she's not kidding, Commander.
哦，她不是在开玩笑，指挥官。
We don't move fast enough.
我们的行动不够快。
We'll all become slaves to Roman after this slimeball.
我们都会成为这个混蛋的奴隶。
Yuri, do you understand what I'm saying?
尤里，你明白我的意思吗？
There's nothing worse for a soldier to lose her mind.
对于一个士兵来说，没有什么比失去理智更糟糕的了。
Trust me.
相信我。
Commander, you think you're gonna like this one?
指挥官，你觉得你会喜欢这个吗？
It's Einstein's prism tech on wheels. Boys of the lab call it a prism tank.
这是爱因斯坦的棱镜技术，装在轮子上，实验室里的男孩们称之为棱镜坦克。
Careful not to burn yourself.
小心别被烫到。
Soviet forces retreated or surrendered in several key areas today.
今天，苏联军队在几个关键地区撤退或投降。
Find out where on War Watch at 9:00.
9 点在《战争观察》上查看。
Don't get too comfortable, Commander Romanov still has plenty of fight left.
别太得意，罗曼诺夫指挥官还有很多战斗要打。
Apparently the Soviets thought we wouldn't notice this research facility in the Yucatan.
显然，苏联人认为我们不会注意到尤卡坦半岛的这个研究设施。
By these readings, we can see that they're trying to replicate Einstein's Prism technology.
从这些读数中，我们可以看出他们试图复制爱因斯坦的棱镜技术。
Your destination is the ruined Mayan city of Tulum near the Caribbean coast, where para dropping a SEAL team to help you locate and destroy the facility.
你的目的地是加勒比海岸附近的玛雅古城图卢姆，在那里，你可以派一支海豹突击队帮助你找到并摧毁该设施。
Think you're going to like these guys?
你觉得你会喜欢这些人吗?
Commander, the SEAL team has liberated a group of local freedom fighters.
指挥官，海豹突击队已经解放了一群当地的自由战士。
They were kind enough to give us the location of the Soviet research facility in exchange for the opportunity to fight by our side,
他们很好心地给了我们苏联研究设施的位置，以换取我们并肩作战的机会，
I didn't think you'd mind.
我以为你不会介意的。
No rest for the wicked commander.
邪恶的指挥官没有休息的时间。
We're both being shipped to Germany.
我们都被送到德国去了。
I'm going to Berlin, where we're planning our final thrust.
我要去柏林，我们计划在那里发动最后的进攻。
Romanoff is no fool.
罗曼诺夫可不是傻瓜。
He's hitting us pretty hard over there.
他在那边打得我们很惨。
His main target is Einsteins Black Forest lab.
他的主要目标是爱因斯坦的黑森林实验室。
I want you to hook up with the locals.
我想让你和当地人交往。
Keep him the Samhill away from that lab.
把他和萨姆希尔一起关在实验室里。
Einstein is our ace in the hole. We can't afford to lose him.
爱因斯坦是我们的王牌，我们不能失去他。
Of leaders thing.
关于领导者的事。
I have something very exciting for you, Commander.
我有一个非常令人兴奋的消息要告诉你，指挥官。
It is called my Mirage tank.
它被称为我的幻影坦克。
It has the wonderful ability to take on the exact appearance of any organic object.
它具有模仿任何有机物体的神奇能力。
It targets observe.
它的目标是观测。
You sleep. Isn't she wonderful?
你睡吧，她很美。
Commander, I've established an uplink with spy sat.
指挥官，我已经建立了与间谍卫星的上行链路。
It should be coming online as we speak.
应该就在我们说话的时候上线。
Wait.
等等。
Apocalypse takes on the roll.
Apocalypse 开始了。
Be careful, Sir.
小心点，先生。
We're all very sorry about General Carville, Commander.
我们都对卡维尔将军的死感到非常遗憾，指挥官。
The Soviets have been using their crazy Ivins everywhere.
苏联人到处都在用他们的疯狂的伊文斯。
Carvel always said that you would be the one to lead us to victory, and it seems that you're proving him right.
卡维尔总是说你会带领我们取得胜利，看来你证明了他是对的。
Commander, I have Professor Einstein on closed circuit Channel 2.
指挥官，我在闭路电视 2 频道上有爱因斯坦教授。
Allow me to say Doncashurn Commander, thank you for saving my home.
请允许我对 Doncashurn 指挥官说一声，感谢您拯救了我的家。
I have something to How shall we say?
我有话要说，我们该怎么说？
Even the score, yeah.
甚至分数，是的。
You are aware of my Chronosphere, a device which it is capable of moving matter so time on through space.
你知道我的 Chronosphere，这是一种能够穿越时空移动物质的装置。
I have fought many long days or nights to find the perfect place where to deploy this weapon.
我花了很多天或很多夜，才找到部署这种武器的完美地点。
There is only one small problem.
只有一个小问题。
The perfect place it is to be found here on a tiny island in the Florida Keys.
在佛罗里达群岛的一个小岛上，这里是您的理想去处。
Just a few short kilometres from Soviet Cuba.
距离苏联古巴只有几公里。
I must get back to work.
我必须回去工作了。
This is the Intel I've been able to gather regarding the Soviet nukes in the area.
这是我收集到的关于该地区苏联核武器的信息。
They'll make Chronosphere deployment a real challenge. Good luck, commander.
他们会让 Chronosphere 部署成为一个真正的挑战。祝你好运，指挥官。
This message goes out to Hidden Coriander.
这封信是写给隐藏的香菜的。
Who continues to dance, but ceases to amuse?
谁还在跳舞，但不再逗乐？
Now it's time to submit to Soviet supremacy, Commander.
现在是向苏联霸权低头的时候了，指挥官。
After you feel pain from my nuclear bombs, you will wish for another chance.
在你们感受到我的核弹威力后，你们会希望有另一次机会。
Commander, I thought I'd seen everything, but this takes the cake.
指挥官，我以为我已经看够了，但这简直是太棒了。
You guessed it.
你猜对了。
Mind controlled Squid intelligence informs me that effective countermeasures involve specially trained dolphins, which are now at your disposal.
被心灵控制的鱿鱼告诉我，有效的对策是训练有素的海豚，现在就在你的掌控之下。
What's next, killer whales?
接下来会发生什么，虎鲸？
Good luck Commander.
祝你好运，指挥官。
I warned you we would destroy your commander.
我警告过你，我们会摧毁你的指挥官。
And now that warning will.
现在，警告将。
What disabled?
什么残疾?
The missiles have been disabled but.
导弹已被禁用，但…
Your time is up, commander.
你的时间到了，指挥官。
And you will be crushed.
你会被压垮的。
Very soon.
很快。
He served his country well, a proud American.
他为国家服务，是一个骄傲的美国人。
And I know Carville would have been proud to see you succeed him as commander general of the Allied Forces.
我知道卡维尔看到你接替他成为盟军总司令一定会感到骄傲。
General, we need you to take us the rest of the way.
将军，我们需要您带我们走剩下的路。
Next stop the Kremlin.
下一站是克里姆林宫。
Special Agent Tanya has the job of moving inside the Kremlin and finding Romanov.
特勤局特工 Tanya 的任务是进入克里姆林宫内部，找到罗曼诺夫。
who will pay for all the millions of innocent lives he took.
他夺走了数百万人的生命，他必须为此付出代价。
Remember, we're still at #3 to 1, so we'll be marching everyone we can through the Chronosphere and the keys,
记住，我们仍然排在第 3 到第 1 位，所以我们会尽可能地让所有人通过 Chronosphere 和钥匙，
once they appear in Russia. They're all yours, Commander.
一旦它们出现在俄罗斯，它们就是你的了，指挥官。
Take the Kremlin commander.
以克里姆林宫指挥官为例。
Let's end this war.
让我们结束这场战争吧。
Commander reports from our Corona troops in the field indicate you are all clear.
指挥官从我们在前线的冠状病毒部队发来的报告表明，你们都没事了。
They're ready to receive your MCV.
他们已经准备好接收您的 MCV。
Commander, I have learned that it's never a good idea to play around with the forces of nature, but with this evil Romanov running loose again,
指挥官，我知道，与大自然的力量玩火是不明智的，但是，这个邪恶的罗曼诺夫又开始四处作乱了。
we have no choice.
我们别无选择。
This spreads A controlled device provides very advanced manipulation of the weather patterns.
这就意味着，A 控制的设备可以对天气模式进行非常先进的操控。
These are God's toys, Commander.
这些都是上帝的玩具，指挥官。
Use the device.
使用该设备。
Where's Romanoff?
罗曼诺夫在哪里？
After months of brutal fighting.
经过数月的残酷战斗。
Allied forces have captured Soviet Premier Romanov and his Kremlin command post late this afternoon in a dizzying show of high technology and good old military discipline.
盟军于今天下午晚些时候在一场令人眼花缭乱的高科技和良好的军事纪律展示中俘虏了苏联总理罗曼诺夫和他的克里姆林宫指挥所。
Much of the credit for the amazing success of the Allied campaign goes to a little known commander from.
盟军战役取得惊人成功的大部分功劳要归功于一位鲜为人知的指挥官。
When you're done patting yourself on the back, I have a little proposition for you.
当你拍完自己的背，我有个提议。
The president has invited you us to his victory, gal, at the White House tonight.
总统邀请你今晚到白宫为他庆祝胜利。
I thought maybe he'd want to ride.
我想他可能会想骑。
Just listen for the sound of the heroes.
只需聆听英雄的声音。
Oh, and for heaven's sake, hit the showers, soldier.
哦，拜托，去冲个澡吧，士兵。
It would have been good to see inside your mind, General.
我很想看看你的内心，将军。
I still may get a chance.
我可能还有机会。
Is it done, Yuri?
准备好了吗，尤里？
No, comrade Premier.
不，总理同志。
It has only begun.
才刚刚开始。
Of Korea has made a move we did not anticipate.
韩国方面的举动出乎我们的意料。
I am tracking Korean vessels and route to what I expect to be a landing near Vladivostok.
我正在跟踪韩国船只的动向，并预计它们会在符拉迪沃斯托克附近登陆。
Comrade General Premier requests your immediate attention.
总理同志要求你立即注意。
I'll put you through.
我帮你接通。
I was just reassuring.
我只是想让你放心。
Comrade Jury, we have nothing to fear from the Republic of Korea.
朱利叶斯同志，我们没有什么好怕的。
Perhaps the premiers forgetting him must remind the world of His Eminence.
也许首相们忘记了他，但他们应该提醒全世界记住他的崇高地位。
Yes, well.
是的，好的。
Yes. But do not be traveled. The general here, after doing so well with New York, surely can handle this threat.
是的，但不要惊慌。这里的将军在纽约表现得很好，肯定能处理好这个威胁。
Got our heads, but I think we should call Vladimir.
我们已经找到了头，但我想我们应该给弗拉基米尔打电话。
As you wish. Come up, Amir.
随你的便，阿米尔。
General.
将军。
He is war hero. He needs rest.
他是战争英雄，需要休息。
Take care of the Republic of Korea, comrade.
照顾好大韩民国，同志。
Show them how we treat our enemies.
让他们看看我们是如何对待敌人的。
Comrade, I have just received a demonstration brief of our terrifying new anti armor weapon.
同志，我刚刚收到了我们新型反装甲武器的演示简报。
They affectionately referred to as sterodromes.
他们亲切地称之为“斯特罗德”。
Do you like Kamrat?
你喜欢卡姆拉特吗?
I thought you might like to play rough in battle.
我想你可能喜欢在战斗中打得很激烈。
So we'll be a general. We have made our stronghold in your motherland.
我们将成为将军，我们已经在你们的祖国建立了根据地。
Prepare for your defeat with the United States reeling from one bloody blow after the other.
准备好迎接美国的失败吧，美国在一次又一次的血腥打击中摇摇欲坠。
President Michael Dugan today called the European allies from an unknown location.
迈克尔·杜根总统今天从一个未知地点给欧洲盟友打电话。
I now ask for your help.
我现在请求你们的帮助。
The United States was Romanoff's first target.
美国是罗曼诺夫的第一个目标。
Join our fight.
加入我们的战斗。
Or we will not be his last French general Reneon has asked for a massive Allied commitment.
否则，我们将不会是他最后的法国将军，雷尼翁要求盟军做出巨大承诺。
but so far the countries have been slow to.
但到目前为止，各国的行动都很缓慢。
It appears we have overestimated the cowardice of our European neighbors.
看来我们高估了欧洲邻国的懦弱。
It seems the French gathered together with the German army along the Polish border
法国人似乎与德国军队一起聚集在波兰边境
But his fools have left their homelands exposed.
但他的傻瓜们却把他们的家园暴露在外。
Show them the meaning of Soviet irony.
向他们展示苏联讽刺的含义。
Invade Paris and use our Tesla technology to short circuit their plans.
入侵巴黎，利用我们的特斯拉技术来破坏他们的计划。
Live nothing.
不要活得那么累。
If you have preferred the general, your strike team is assembled in Paris.
如果你选择了将军，你的突击小队就会在巴黎集合。
I always like the City of Lights.
我一直喜欢这座灯城。
Perry we cannot be there in person when the lights go out.
佩里，当灯灭的时候，我们不能亲自到场。
I think you will like this, General. The demolitions expert known as Crazy Ivan is among your forces here.
我想你会喜欢的，将军。这里有一位被称为疯狂伊万的拆除专家，他是你的手下。
He will be well suited for the task at hand.
他将很适合手头的任务。
Comrade General, we must move closer to the tower if we are to secure a good charge.
将军同志，我们必须靠近塔楼，才能保证有良好的火力。
Thousands of Parisians fleeing their homes today is absolute chaos.
今天，成千上万的巴黎人逃离家园，这绝对是一场大混乱。
We don't even know if there's a president out there to call.
我们甚至不知道是否有总统可以打电话。
Wait, the United States is at its knees?
等等，美国跪了？
We all just.
我们都是。
Victory to superior leadership on the part of yourself and General Vladimir, thank you.
感谢您和弗拉基米尔将军的卓越领导。
Your greatness is only exceeded by your general.
你的伟大程度只比将军高一点。
If that's your announcement to read our latest success, I am now promoting Yuri as Supreme Commander of Soviet Armed Forces.
如果这是你要宣布的我们最新的成功，那么我现在要宣布尤里为苏联武装力量的最高指挥官。
What effective immediately you are behind this unit?
你立即在这个单位后面做什么？
I know this for a fact.
我对此深信不疑。
It appears all Vladimir's unhappy.
弗拉基米尔似乎不开心。
Pity we have work to do, General.
很遗憾，我们还有工作要做，将军。
The other Pacific Fleet.
另一支太平洋舰队。
Gaza's near Hawaii. You are destroyed.
加沙离夏威夷很近，你会被摧毁。
The other fleet of Pearl Harbor and establish a new presence for us.
另一支舰队前往珍珠港，为我们建立新的存在。
Commodore General, we must be closer to the Tesla coils to charge it up.
上校，我们必须靠近特斯拉线圈才能给它充电。
A good charge will help increase the range of our weapons.
良好的充电将有助于增加我们武器的射程。
Brilliant move comrade. With Kawaii airport in our hands, we can send paratroopers anywhere.
好一招，同志。有了可爱机场，我们就能把伞兵送到任何地方。
you desire.
你想要的。
Camera the general I detect Republic of Korea reinforcements and route.
相机一般我探测到韩国共和国的增援路线。
If they reach Pearl Harbor, it will be very difficult to overpower the allied fleets.
如果他们到达珍珠港，将很难击败盟军舰队。
Shanoa, good evening.
莎诺亚，晚上好。
Brilliant as usual, I see.
一如既往的出色，我看到了。
However, I have sad news, Vladimir. You should hear this too before it goes public.
但是，我有一个坏消息要告诉你，弗拉基米尔，在它公开之前你也应该知道。
Premier Romanov has fallen ill and will no longer be able to perform his duties.
罗曼诺夫总理病倒了，将无法继续履行他的职责。
Really. But that is not our immediate concern. The islands have turned to the German professor Albert Einstein, who has built for them a chronosphere,
的确如此。但这不是我们现在要关注的问题。这些岛屿已经找到了德国教授阿尔伯特·爱因斯坦，他为他们建造了一个时间圈。
a mass teleportation device.
一种大规模的传送装置。
My intelligence sources have pinpointed their first target.
我的情报来源已经确定了他们的第一个目标。
Our own research laboratory in the Ural Mountains.
我们在乌拉尔山脉的自己的研究实验室。
It is my belief that the islands will attempt to steal our plants for their new apocalypse tank.
我相信，这些岛屿会试图偷走我们的植物，用于他们的新末日坦克。
And your intelligence not warn you that Einstein would get involved?
你的智力难道没有警告你爱因斯坦会卷进来吗？
Or is he not a vulnerable to your vulturous mind?
或者他对你的贪婪之心毫无抵抗力？
That will be enough.
这就足够了。
You are a traitor and a fool if you think that I will let you get enough.
如果你认为我会让你吃饱，那你就是个叛徒和傻瓜。
General Vladimir Tanks, consider yourself dismissed.
弗拉基米尔·坦克将军，你被解职了。
Count your days.
数一数你的日子。
General, defend our mountains.
将军，保卫我们的山。
I'll give the Premier your best wishes.
我将总理的良好祝愿转达给您。
I think we should send a few dogs to sniff out enemy spies.
我想我们应该派几条狗去嗅探敌人的间谍。
Something you should be aware of.
你应该知道的一些事情。
General Carville has stationed a truck near one of our villages.
卡维尔将军在我们的一个村庄附近驻扎了一辆卡车。
He has been broadcasting capitalist propaganda in an attempt to turn our own people against us.
他一直在广播资本主义宣传，企图让我们自己的人民反对我们。
General soldiers, comrades, it is a sad day.
将军们，同志们，这是一个悲伤的日子。
Premier Alexander Romanov, so recently I'll in bed, has been brutally murdered by General Vladimir.
亚历山大·罗曼诺夫总理，就在不久前，被弗拉基米尔将军残忍杀害。
No General Vladimir as of this moment. 915 the evening General of Vladimir is a non person.
目前没有弗拉基米尔将军。 915 弗拉基米尔将军晚上是一个非人。
He is now considered refused to be collected.
现在被认为是拒绝收尸。
I sense that he is holed up here at the White House, home of the corrupt, captured the White House and finds this non person,
我感觉他躲在白宫，这个腐败的地方，占领了白宫，找到了这个不人道的人。
Then you can erase him as we have already erased his name.
然后，我们可以像抹去他的名字一样抹去他。
You are.
你是。
A whole general jury is playing you like a puppet who will never capture General Vladimir.
整个陪审团都在玩弄你，就像一个永远抓不到弗拉基米尔将军的木偶。
Yeah.
是的。
General, do not listen.
将军，别听他的。
But you're his lies.
但你是他的谎言。
He is not.
他不是。
Pay no attention about that Channel.
不要在意那个频道。
He no longer means anything to us.
他对我们来说已经没有任何意义了。
We now have a more important task at hand, the American president Dubin has surfaced here in San Antonio, TX.
我们现在有一个更重要的任务，美国总统杜宾已经在德克萨斯州圣安东尼奥市露面。
Perhaps he intends to retreat to the animal, recapture him and bring him under our control.
也许他打算退回动物中，重新抓住他，把他带到我们的控制之下。
Listen to me you silly scum.
听我说，你这个蠢货。
You can root around all you want, but you'll never find me, and you'll never take me.
你可以到处找我，但你永远找不到我，你永远抓不到我。
You call yourself a general.
你自称将军。
We're laughing if you read.
如果你读了，我们会笑的。
I think at this time we had a talk, you and I.
我想我们当时谈过了，你和我。
When the Soviet Union was new, there were those of us that started in turn to for our particular skills,
当苏联刚刚成立时，我们中的一些人开始从事自己的特殊技能。
we were trained to turn men's minds to our will.
我们接受过训练，要把男人的思想转到我们的意志上。
This is Darling's psychic legacy. I tell you this because you are too smart not to be curious.
这是达林的精神遗产。我告诉你这些，是因为你太聪明，不会不感到好奇。
We have situation that odd little man Einstein had provided the allies with a device that harnesses the energy from storm clouds overhead.
爱因斯坦提供给盟军一种装置，可以利用头顶上的风暴云的能量。
Almost whimsical, but effective.
几乎是异想天开，但很有效。
Destroys this device with the nuclear missiles.
用核导弹摧毁这个装置。
I will provide you and get our forces moving again.
我会给你提供帮助，让我们的部队重新行动起来。
General, by now I have folded Vladimir's command into yours.
将军，现在我已经把弗拉基米尔的指挥权交给你了。
The weather control device appears to be here in the US.
气象控制装置似乎就在美国。
Virgin Islands.
维尔京群岛
Sir, I'm not quite clear on your intentions, but if you have a move in mind, now is the tone to tone,
先生，我不太清楚您的意图，但是如果您有什么想法，现在是时候了，
They are even more powerful than their obedience. Their immense strengths of masquerade giants is only vulnerable to the specially trained and enhanced allied attack dolphins.
它们的伪装巨人的巨大力量甚至比它们的服从更强大，只有经过特殊训练和强化的盟军攻击海豚才会受到它们的伤害。
Camera de General The weapon is powering up.
将军相机 武器正在充电。
We are dangerously close to be careful, Kamrad.
我们已经非常接近危险地带了，卡姆拉德。
Comrade General.
将军同志。
You are proving even more tenacious than I thought.
你比我想象的还要顽强。
By the great threat you are to your enemies, do me this favour and raise me with your presence in Moscow,
由于你对敌人的巨大威胁，请你帮我一个忙，把我带到莫斯科。
so I may thank you in person. Before you go anywhere, you should see this.
所以我想当面感谢你。在你去任何地方之前，你应该看看这个。
It arrived today.
今天收到了。
To be mailed in the event of Premier's death.
如果总理去世，将邮寄给他。
If you have received this then I presume by now I am finally dead.
如果你收到了这封信，那么我想我已经死了。
I'm losing.
我输了。
I don't know how to.
我不知道怎么做。
Mother Russia.
俄罗斯母亲
And forgetting words.
忘记单词。
Yuri, he is controlling my mind.
尤里，他在控制我的思想。
He has killed me.
他杀了我。
If I am gone out to command, is yours sent his state fire and white take my country back with the glory of Russia and the spirit of justice.
如果我出去指挥，你的国家派出了他的国家消防队和白色部队，带着俄罗斯的荣耀和正义的精神把我的国家夺回来。
I think you are satisfied now. Da Yuri has his own stronghold here outside Moscow, and he's amassing his own forces.
我想你现在应该满意了。达·尤里在莫斯科郊外有自己的据点，他正在聚集自己的势力。
But the bulk of the army is yours.
但军队的大部分都是你的。
Don't speak general.
不要说一般话。
They are listening for you now.
他们正在听你说话。
If we do not speak again, it has been an honor to serve you.
如果我们不再说话，那也是我们的荣幸。
Thank you Channel.
谢谢频道。
This is I'm my man now.
这是我的男人了。
I can always use more.
我总是需要更多。
Be warned, comrade General Yuri has rebuild the Iron Curtain.
同志们，请注意，尤里将军已经重建了铁幕。
It will make his troops invulnerable for a period of time.
这将使他的部队在一段时间内变得无懈可击。
No one will ever catch us off guard. Now, comrade, I have obtained plans for the psychic sensor.
没有人能在我们毫无防备的情况下偷袭我们。现在，同志，我已经得到了精神感应探测器的设计图。
This device will warn us of any troop movements within its range.
该装置将警告我们任何在其范围内的部队动向。
We can sleep well once again while the nation has lost his beloved Premier and his great general Vladimir at the hands of the trader Uri.
在国家失去了他心爱的总理和伟大的将军弗拉基米尔后，我们可以再次安睡了。
we all turn our eyes to the Supreme Commander who still fights the bloody battle against the allied forces.
我们都把目光投向了最高指挥官，他仍在与盟军进行着血腥的战斗。
General, I have access to Yuri's files.
将军，我可以查看尤里的档案。
He has provided us, shall we say, with that parting gift.
他给我们留下了，可以说是，最后的礼物。
They allies think we do not know about this chronosphere in Alaska from which they hope to launch a full scale invasion.
他们认为我们不知道阿拉斯加的这个时间圈，他们希望从那里发动全面入侵。
This is all they have left.
这是他们所剩下的全部。
It will be good to crush their hopes and when it is done, you will be ready to become premier of the world.
粉碎他们的希望是件好事，当你做到了，你就可以成为世界首相了。
Come at the General. I must warn you, the Allied Chronosphere could be our undoing.
请到总司令那里来，我必须警告你，盟军的时间圈可能会毁了我们。
The first step is a swift naval assault. They will not be expecting us here, and that will be their undoing.
第一步是迅速的海军袭击。他们不会想到我们会在这里，而这将是他们的毁灭。
Everywhere, citizens are honouring the new Soviet premier.
各地的公民都在向新的苏联总理致敬。
We will now go to London.
我们现在去伦敦。
People in the streets, Truly the finest hour is Pineal.
街头的人们，真正的黄金时刻是松果体。
It has been decades since we've seen anything quite lately.
我们已经有几十年没有看到过这样的东西了。
Wait, here comes a new paneer himself.
等等，这里来了一个新的菜。
It would have been good to see inside your mind, General.
我很想看看你的内心，将军。
I still may get a chance.
我可能还有机会。
And join our glorious Soviet cause.
加入我们光荣的苏联事业。
In our timeline, we outnumbered the Allies in this battle.
在我们的时间线上，我们在这场战斗中的人数超过了盟军。
Still, our forces lost.
尽管如此，我们的部队还是损失了。
Have you seen State News magazine?
你看过《国家新闻》杂志吗？
War is over, comrade General.
战争结束了，同志。
The Allies have surrendered.
盟军投降了。
Now they fight with us against the traitor Yuri.
现在他们与我们一起对抗叛徒尤里。
All of Soviet people are full of gratefulness to you.
苏联人民对您充满感激之情。
Now is a draw of and ya.
现在是平局。
Our special intelligence operatives report another psychic Dominator device being constructed in London.
我们的特殊情报人员报告称，又一个精神支配者装置正在伦敦建造。
Our premier wants us to destroy it before Yuri can react.
我们的总理希望我们在尤里做出反应之前就把它摧毁。
Yuri Psychic Dominator is somewhere in London.
尤里·精神支配者就在伦敦的某个地方。
Why do you do this, camera General? Without me, the Soviet Union would be only a tiny little province in the American Empire.
你为什么要这样做，相机将军？没有我，苏联将只是美国帝国的一个小省。
I think only of our destiny, no matter these other troops are weak minded.
我只想着我们的命运，不管这些其他部队的人是什么想法。
and now fight for me.
现在为我而战。
Prepare for your death.
为你的死亡做好准备。
Of his fifth, I promise you.
我保证，这是他的第五个。
Excellent, Sir.
好极了，先生。
The Allied forces are free from Yuri's control.
盟军已经摆脱了尤里的控制。
The Allies Special Agent Tanya is on the line for you.
盟军特工 Tanya 在线上。
I never thought I'd be saying this to a comic, but.
我从没想过会对漫画说这些话，但是...
Thanks.
谢谢。
All right, this Yuri is going down, so we're ready to follow your orders.
好的，尤里要下来了，我们准备好了，听从您的命令。
You better know what you're doing.
你最好知道自己在做什么。
Because if my men get slaughtered, you're gonna have to answer to me.
如果我的人被杀，你得对我负责。
You got that, comrade?
明白了吗，同志？
Camera General, I have very bad news.
总司令，我有非常坏的消息。
Premier Romanov's plane was shot down while returning to Moscow.
罗曼诺夫总理的飞机在返回莫斯科途中被击落。
The aircraft went down over Morocco.
飞机在摩洛哥上空坠毁。
We believe that the premier is alive and hiding somewhere in the city.
我们相信总理还活着，藏在城里的某个地方。
Yuri's forces have captured the only airport in the area.
尤里的部队占领了该地区唯一的机场。
Even now they search for our leader.
即使现在，他们也在寻找我们的领袖。
You must find a premier before the enemy does.
必须在敌人之前找到总理。
This is a message for my old comrades Romanov.
这是我给老战友罗曼诺夫的留言。
Turn yourself in.
自首吧。
Come right from here and I promise you asylum with my forces.
从这里直接过来，我保证你能得到我的庇护。
Remain in hiding and you will surely die.
躲起来，你肯定会死。
The Comrade General is a traitor to the Soviet people, their destiny and the destiny of the entire world.
这位将军同志是苏联人民、是他们的命运和整个世界的叛徒。
Lies with me of all the partisan, all the world.
谎言与我同在，与所有党派、与整个世界同在。
Look who is walking into this one.
看看谁走进了这个房间。
Welcome, comrade General.
欢迎，将军。
We are having the beginning of a beautiful friendship, I think.
我想我们已经开始了一段美好的友谊。
My good friend, I am back where I belong, sound and safe.
我的好朋友，我回来了，我很安全。
The Triglycerides building fleet of boomer submarines.
Triglycerides 建造了一批 Boomer 级潜艇。
These can launch missiles in the city of his choosing.
这些导弹可以在他选择的城市发射。
Sophia will tell you more.
索菲亚会告诉你更多。
We must be careful. Comrade Fury has many more surprises planned for us, I think.
我们必须小心，我想，弗瑞同志还有很多惊喜等着我们。
Yuri's secret submarine base is located on this small island in South Pacific.
尤里的秘密潜艇基地就位于南太平洋的这个小岛上。
Camera the general The purpose of this base is now clear.
相机的目的现在很清楚了。
It is a launch facility. The rocket itself appears to be a pressurised spacecraft.
这是一个发射设施。火箭本身似乎是一个加压航天器。
The Premier wishes to know the destination of the spacecraft.
总理希望知道航天器的目的地。
Done, comrade general.
完成了，同志。
We have analysed flight plan of this rocket ship.
我们已经分析了这艘火箭船的飞行计划。
It is programmed to fly to the moon.
它被编程为飞往月球。
We must find out why.
我们必须找出原因。
You have cosmonaut training, yes.
你有宇航员训练，是的。
The lift off was without complications.
发射过程没有出现任何并发症。
Camera General You'll achieve lunar orbit in moments. Your retro rockets should fire automatically to allow for a smooth landing.
相机 你将在瞬间进入月球轨道。你的反冲火箭应该会自动点火，以便平稳着陆。
Take care of my general. You have many reasons to return safely, no?
照顾好我的将军，你有很多理由安全返回，不是吗？
Metro Rockets will fire in 321.
地铁火箭将在 321 发射。
Your spacecraft has left it coming after at all.
你的飞船已经离开了。
Finally, Soviets have reached the moon.
最后，苏联人登上了月球。
One baby general, one giant leap for Soviet people, Yes.
一个婴儿，一个苏联人的巨大飞跃，是的。
The spacecraft computer has revealed Yuri Splint to us. Yuri's moon base is nearby.
太空飞船的电脑向我们展示了尤里·斯普林特，尤里的月球基地就在附近。
He will evacuate with this base with an army of clones once the Psychic Dominator network has been activated.
一旦心灵主宰网络启动，他将与克隆人军队一起撤离该基地。
The base must be eliminated.
必须消灭基地。
Some of our vehicles have been modified for use on the lunar surface, but conventional troops cannot survive here.
我们的一些车辆已经改装过，可以在月球表面使用，但常规部队在这里无法生存。
Congratulations, comrade General.
恭喜你，将军。
Or should I say calls me not general?
或者我应该说，不是一般的电话？
We had discovered the traitor's location.
我们已经发现了叛徒的位置。
Yuri communities forces from his ancestral home in Transylvania.
尤里来自他在特兰西瓦尼亚的祖籍地的社区。
He is like monster from movies. Yes.
他就像电影里的怪物一样。是的。
I am certain he has new scheme for world domination.
我确信他有新的统治世界的计划。
In this community.
在这个社区里。
Destroyed castle and crush in beneath the stones.
摧毁城堡，并将其压在石头下。
This could be your most dangerous mission, Comrade General.
这可能是你最危险的任务，将军同志。
The entire world watches and waits.
全世界都在关注和等待。
To have come this far only to fail.
走到这一步，却失败了。
Now it is unthinkable.
现在，这简直是不可想象的。
You must not fail.
你不能失败。
Forgive me for speaking frankly, but it might help you to know that upon your return, I hope to see you in Moscow.
请原谅我的直言不讳，但我希望你能知道，等你回来，我希望在莫斯科见到你。
Winter there is cold, yes, but it is winter could be different.
冬天很冷，是的，但冬天也可以不一样。
We have located Yuri's fortress, which we now Conrad Journal or you will witness the power of my genetic mutator,
我们找到了尤里的堡垒，现在康拉德日记或你将见证我基因突变者的力量，
This device will transform ordinary troops and even those of my enemy into fearsome genetically enhanced groups under my control.
这个装置将把普通士兵甚至我的敌人变成我控制下可怕的基因增强群体。
The castle has been taken by General.
城堡已被将军占领。
I knew you would be victorious.
我知道你会胜利的。
Comrade General, we are picking up an energy build up beneath the castle.
将军同志，我们正在城堡下面收集能量。
The signature wave is consistent with distortion wave of The Time Machine.
签名波与《时间机器》中的扭曲波一致。
I found your little device in San Francisco preparing.
我在旧金山的时候发现了你的小装置。
It was a simple matter.
这很简单。
It is too late, comrade.
已经太晚了，同志。
The entire world and all of its history is mine to command and conquer.
整个世界及其历史都是我的，我可以指挥和征服。
We still have the time machines comment codes coming up general.
我们仍然有时间机器评论代码即将到来的一般。
I have overridden the controls and released all of the energy reserves.
我已经超越了控制，释放了所有的能量储备。
If you remember, we ourselves experienced some difficulty when too much energy was channeled into the machine.
如果你还记得，我们自己也曾遇到过一些困难，因为我们把太多的精力都投入到了机器上。
The machines energy reserves have been depleted.
机器的能量储备已经耗尽。
You cannot use the machine without additional power.
如果没有额外的电源，您无法使用该机器。
He will be trapped and time.
他将被困在时间里。
What is that?
那是什么?
Who is there?
谁在那里？
Kind of travelers they pray to. Yuri has been defeated.
他们祈求的那种旅行者。尤里被打败了。
Soviet troops berating down Wall Street as the stock market closed for every golden age of space exploration.
苏联军队在华尔街股市收盘时对其进行谴责，因为太空探索的黄金时代已经过去。
Thanks to Premier Romanov and his bold new programs with the future may hold as communism leaves the boundaries of our planet.
感谢总理罗曼诺夫和他大胆的新计划，随着共产主义离开我们的星球，未来可能会到来。
And expands across the solar system.
并在整个太阳系中扩张。
Be right with you.
我马上就到。
Long live Yuri. Yuri is my mastery needs me. Join us.
尤里万岁。尤里是我的主人，需要我的加入。
Be one with you.
与你融为一体。
Camera General.
相机总厂。
Long live Yuri. Yuri is my master.
尤里万岁！尤里是我的主人。
Be one with you.
与你融为一体。
We are now at DEFCON 2.
我们现在处于 DEFCON 2 状态。
What the devil is going on, Lieutenant? He surfaced. Mr.
怎么回事，中尉？他浮出水面了。
President?
总统？
I'm sure you won't recognize this man.
我相信你不会认出这个人。
We know him only as Yuri, fugitive advisor to Soviet Premier Romanov.
我们只知道他是尤里，苏联总理罗曼诺夫的逃犯顾问。
While we were busy fighting the Soviets, Yuri was using his mind control technology to establish a secret army of his own.
当我们忙于与苏联作战时，尤里利用他的思维控制技术建立了一支秘密军队。
A group of Yuri's initiates have taken Alcatraz Island here in San Francisco.
一群尤里的追随者来到旧金山的 Alcatraz Island。
They've constructed some sort of device there.
他们在那里建造了某种装置。
What kind of device?
是什么设备？
Perhaps I can explain, Mr. President.
或许我可以解释一下，总统先生。
Yuri The device is called a Psychic Dominator.
尤里 这种装置被称为“精神支配者”。
There is a network of such devices spread across the globe.
这样的设备网络遍布全球。
More of your mind control tricks.
更多的思维控制技巧。
Mr. President, in a few moments I will leisure tidal wave of psychic energy designed to dominate the minds on entire planet.
总统先生，在几分钟后，我将释放出一种精神能量的巨浪，它将主宰整个地球的思想。
There will be no more free will, only my will.
将不再有自由意志，只有我的意志。
Yuri, Yuri, Yuri.
尤里，尤里，尤里。
The war's over.
战争结束了。
Can't we all just?
我们不能都这样吗？
Get along.
相处得好。
What if I was to give you a full presidential pardon?
如果我给你一个完整的总统赦免，你会怎么做？
Your country needs a leader.
你的国家需要一个领导者。
It could be you.
可能是你。
Why should I be content to lead one nation if I can control the whole world?
如果我能控制整个世界，为什么我只能满足于领导一个国家？
Mr. President?
总统先生?
You can't threaten us.
你不能威胁我们。
We're the most powerful nation on earth.
我们是地球上最强大的国家。
We did win the war, did you indeed?
我们确实赢得了战争，不是吗？
I say not.
我说不行。
Mr. President, something's happening.
总统先生，有情况。
The device is beginning to deploy.
该设备开始部署。
Calling an airstrike.
呼叫空袭。
I want that tower taken out.
我要把那座塔拆掉。
Command.
命令。
This is Mojo One. We are on 2nd Roger Moto one Target is located on Alcatraz on Vector 270 at 10 miles.
这是 Mojo One。我们在 2 号罗杰摩托艇上，目标是位于 10 英里外的阿尔卡特拉斯岛上的 Vector 270。
Target acquire, engage and gate.
目标获取、吸引和筛选。
Moto 2 is down.
Moto 2 已关闭。
It's one of our power plants in San Francisco. The second dominator on Alcatraz will not function.
这是我们旧金山的发电站之一。 位于 Alcatraz 岛上的第二座发电站将无法正常运行。
It was unfortunate, but we have other verses the same time has come to activate them.
这是不幸的，但我们还有其他诗句，同样的时间已经到来，可以激活它们。
Mr. President.
总统先生
We're detecting huge shock wipes of energy across the globe.
我们探测到全球范围内巨大的能量冲击波。
My God, that maniac's really going to do it.
天哪，那疯子真的要动手了。
May God help us all.
愿上帝保佑我们所有人。
The situation looks bad.
情况看起来很糟糕。
Commander Yuri's forces have successfully detonated 2 of his Psychic Dominator devices, turning much of the planet into mindless Yuri drones.
尤里指挥官的部队成功引爆了他的 2 台心灵主宰装置，将地球上的大部分地区变成了没有思想的尤里无人机。
Luckily, the device here in San Francisco seems to be underpowered.
幸运的是，旧金山的设备似乎功率不足。
It hasn't been activated yet.
还没有激活。
Stand by, Commander.
准备好，指挥官。
I have Special Agent Tonya on the line.
我这里有特别探员托尼娅。
There may be a way out of this.
或许有办法解决这个问题。
Commander Doug Einstein has a new toy now.
道格·爱因斯坦上尉现在有了一个新玩具。
It hasn't been tested yet, but it might be our own way out of this doc doc.
还没有测试过，但这可能是我们自己的出路。
This is my prototype temporal displacement device. I believe we can use it to transport your forces backwards in time.
这是我的原型时间位移装置。我相信我们可以用它把你的部队送回到过去。
With luck, you may be able to avert the Psychic Dominator disaster before it has begun.
幸运的话，你可以在精神支配者灾难开始之前就将其扼杀。
Yuri's forces are trying to capture power plants throughout the city to convert power to the second dominator.
尤里的部队试图占领整个城市的发电厂，将电力转换为第二支配者。
So you have to get out there, You have to capture power plants yourself.
所以你必须亲自去，你必须亲自去夺取发电厂。
Hey, let's say it's going to be easy.
嘿，我们说说看，这会很容易。
I'm a field job.
我是个外勤人员。
I'm not a strategist.
我不是战略家。
Right now.
现在。
If I device works Miss Tanya, you may get your wish when you return to the past.
如果我的装置能让 Tanya 小姐如愿，你回到过去时就能如愿了。
Contact my earlier self, I may be able to help y'all.
联系我以前的自己，我也许能帮到你们。
The Time Machine is just South of the Golden Gate Bridge.
时光机就在金门大桥的南边。
Commando The Time Machine is powered up.
突击队的时间机器启动了。
We're ready to make the time shift.
我们已经准备好进行时间转移。
Let's just take it, baby.
我们就拿了吧，宝贝。
Hang on, this is going to be a close one.
坚持住，这将是一场激烈的比赛。
I feel you are out of time.
我觉得你已经没有时间了。
Don't worry, it will be quite painless and life will be so much simpler for you with no freedom of will.
别担心，这不会很痛，而且没有意志自由，生活会简单得多。
You did it, Commander.
你做到了，指挥官。
The time shift was successful.
时间转移成功了。
Yeah, but we couldn't have come at a worse time.
是的，但我们来的不是时候。
We're sitting right in the middle of the first Soviet occupation.
我们正坐在第一次苏联占领的正中央。
Use the Grand Canyons to soften up the Soviets, and when you give me the word, I'll swim to Alcatraz and I'll turn that psychic dominator into scrap metal.
利用大峡谷来软化苏联人，当我收到命令时，我会游到恶魔岛，把那个精神支配者变成废铁。
Travelling back in time gives us another opportunity, Commander. President Dugan asked me to contact an old friend once we arrived.
指挥官，回到过去给了我们另一个机会。杜根总统让我在到达后联系一位老朋友。
I hope you're sitting down.
我希望你坐下来。
Commander, from what I understand, the future ain't what it used to be.
指挥官，据我所知，未来已经不是过去的样子了。
Now our job is to set it right.
现在我们的工作就是把它纠正过来。
According to Executive Order 9066, which by the way won't be written for another couple of months.
根据行政命令 9066，这条命令要再过几个月才会被写下来。
Know a man blow a fuse.
认识一个男人，他把保险丝吹断了。
Get his mind around this time travel stuff here. Anyway, the gist of this thing?
让他了解一下时间旅行的相关知识。总之，这件事的要点是什么？
Yes, and we're involved until the bitter end. We got a job to do, son.
是的，我们会一直参与到最后，我们有工作要做，孩子
Lieutenant will fill you in.
中尉会告诉你的。
Commander Yuri has taken control of Hollywood using mind control technology.
尤里指挥官利用精神控制技术控制了好莱坞。
He's begun to use the media to spread subliminal propaganda.
他开始利用媒体进行潜意识宣传。
Here's a sample with the subliminal mind control properties filtered out.
下面是一个样本，其中的潜意识思维控制属性已被过滤掉。
We find a life on death struggle against the powers of capitalism.
我们发现了一种与资本主义势力斗争的生活。
Only complete phase in urine can protect you.
只有完整的尿液才能保护你。
Only total compliance will save the lives of you and your family.
只有全面遵守才能拯救你和你家人的生命。
Empty your mind and submit to my will.
清空你的头脑，服从我的意志。
The less the better of you will be.
你越少越好。
I'm Yuri.
我是尤里。
Commander, your MCV is in position near the Los Angeles International Airport.
指挥官，你的 MCV 已就位，位于洛杉矶国际机场附近。
Commander, the enemy is using a horrifying new technology.
指挥官，敌人使用了一种可怕的新技术。
This is Grinder.
这是 Grinder。
These devices can break down anything, be it mechanical or organic.
这些设备可以分解任何东西，无论是机械的还是有机的。
They're feeding these grinders with captive civilians, reducing them to raw materials used to fund their war efforts.
他们用被俘虏的平民喂养这些磨刀石，将他们变成用于资助战争的原材料。
Some of these Hollywood civilians are pretty tough characters, Commander.
这些好莱坞平民中有些人是很厉害的角色，指挥官。
They might be able to help you.
他们可能能帮到你。
We're receiving a streaming video feed via satellite uplink.
我们正在接收通过卫星上行链路传输的视频流。
Commander is from Chairman Bing, the trillionaire CEO of the massive soft corporation in Seattle, WA.
指挥官是来自西雅图的亿万富翁首席执行官、大型软体公司主席 Bing。
I'm patching it through now.
我正在修复它。
I don't know how long I'll be able to stay online.
我不知道自己还能在网上待多久。
Yuri's forces are crawling all over the Manassas off campus.
尤里的部队正在校园外的马纳萨斯四处爬行。
He's built a nuclear missile silo and he's threatening to nuke Seattle unless I fund his war effort.
他建造了一个核导弹发射井，并威胁要用核弹轰炸西雅图，除非我资助他的战争。
He's also forcing our R&D department.
他还在强迫我们的研发部门。
It's some sort of special project. Looks to me like it's some genetic software.
这是一个特殊的项目，看起来像是基因软件。
Satellite Recon confirms Yuri's got an operational silo in the area.
卫星侦察确认尤里在该地区有一个可操作的发射井。
Attention I got commander.
注意，我是指挥官。
You are unprovoked.
你是无端被攻击的。
Attack will not go unpunished.
攻击不会不受惩罚。
Seattle is mine.
西雅图是我的。
Pull your forces out of the area or I will launch a nuclear strike and reduce the city to ash.
把你们的部队撤出该地区，否则我将发动核打击，把这座城市夷为平地。
Uri's nuclear strike has severely crippled our base commander.
Uri 的核打击严重削弱了我们的基地指挥官。
If you capture several power plants, you might be able to bring the weather control device back online and strike back by making a healthy donation to your war fund immediately.
如果你能抓住几个发电厂，你就可以把天气控制装置重新启动，并立即向你的战争基金捐赠一笔健康的资金，以进行反击。
I have terrible news. Commander. Professor Einstein has been captured.
我有坏消息要告诉你，指挥官。爱因斯坦教授被抓了。
We believe Yuri plans to force him to help improve the Psychic Dominator technology.
我们相信尤里计划强迫他帮助改进心灵主宰技术。
With the Professor's help, Yuri could finish the Psychic Dominator Network even sooner.
在教授的帮助下，尤里可以更快地完成心灵主宰网络。
We cannot let that happen.
我们不能让这种情况发生。
We've tracked the professor to a secret base here in Egypt.
我们追踪到教授来到了埃及的一个秘密基地。
Help me across the river, Commander, and I'll make your life a whole lot easier.
指挥官，请帮我过河，我会让你的生活变得容易很多。
****** the good doctor from Yuri's goons and be ended before they even know of him.
****** 在尤里的恶棍们发现他之前，就把他干掉。
Commando You will be pleased to know that my work was an enemy was not totally without some benefit.
突击队员 你会高兴地知道，我的工作并不是完全没有任何好处。
I have sabotaged the Psychic Dominator.
我已经破坏了心灵主宰者。
Yeah, you can use it against jury forces. However it will most likely grow up after the first time you use it as being as you see it is not my vocation.
是的，你可以用它对付陪审团。但是，你第一次使用它时，它很可能会长大，因为你认为这不是我的职业。
Gentlemen, our spy satellite spotting a huge laboratory facility in Australia.
各位，我们的间谍卫星发现了澳大利亚的一个巨大实验室设施。
Now this has got to be where Yuri has its cloning operation.
现在，尤里的克隆手术就在这里进行。
Intel's gotten wind of his plans.
英特尔已经知道了他的计划。
He intends to kidnap key allied leaders and replace them with clones.
他打算绑架盟国的关键领导人，并以克隆人取而代之。
Reminder.
提醒。
Some of our best operatives gave their lives to get this information.
我们的一些最优秀的特工为了获得这些信息献出了生命。
Let's make that sacrifice mean something.
让我们的牺牲有意义。
Take out that lab.
把实验室搬出来。
Yuri's cloning facility is located in Sydney, Australia.
尤里的克隆设施位于澳大利亚悉尼。
Yuri is using genetic technology to modify his own troops.
尤里正在利用基因技术改造他的军队。
We're picking up a fleet of enemy Subs.
我们正在拦截敌方潜艇。
Moving on your position, Commander, these must be Yuri's boomers.
指挥官，你的位置上的这些人一定是尤里的人。
we think.
我们认为。
These deep water submarines are armed with torpedoes as well as heavy missiles.
这些深水潜艇配备有鱼雷和重型导弹。
capable of bombarding onshore targets.
能够轰炸陆上目标。
Good news and bad news, Commander.
好消息和坏消息，指挥官。
The outcome of the war wasn't changed.
战争的结果没有改变。
The Soviets have surrendered.
苏联投降了。
The bad news is Yuri's still at large.
坏消息是尤里仍然逍遥法外。
The world leaders aren't taking any chances.
世界各国领导人都没有冒险。
They're meeting at a classified location to sign the treaty with the for the generals orders restrict.
他们在一个秘密地点会面，签署了限制将军命令的条约。
Good day, Cortana.
你好，Cortana。
Where is the STOP secret meeting of world leaders?
世界各国领导人的秘密会议在哪里？
I can't help me.
我帮不了你。
London, London, England.
伦敦，英格兰
Parliament building blaze is going on.
议会大厦大火仍在燃烧。
You've got an unauthorized transmission. Cut the satellite link.
你的传输未经授权。切断卫星连接。
But block the Kingdom.
但要封锁王国。
Come if you have to.
如果你必须来，就来吧。
How did the frying pan into the fire? Since you can't clone the Allied leaders, he's bound to try a more direct approach.
锅是怎么进火的？既然不能克隆盟军领袖，他必然会尝试更直接的方法。
They're meeting London right now to ratify the treaty with the Soviets.
他们正在伦敦开会，准备批准与苏联的条约。
Get to London ASAP Commander, and you get a medic up Lieutenant.
指挥官，尽快赶到伦敦，你去找一名军医。
This is a very important meeting, Commander. If this treat is ratified, the Soviet forces will join us in the battle against Yuri.
这是一次非常重要的会议，指挥官。如果这项协议得到批准，苏联军队将加入我们的战斗，对抗尤里。
You cannot win commander.
你赢不了指挥官。
Soon the full Romana will be dead, and the allied leaders will be under my control.
很快，整个罗马娜就会被消灭，而同盟的领袖们也会在我的控制之下。
Soon you will beg for my mercy and forgiveness.
很快，你们就会乞求我的怜悯和宽恕。
Perhaps you will live as a mindless slave.
也许你会像一个没有思想的奴隶一样活着。
This is might amuse me.
这可能会让我开心。
That was some fine work, Commander Treaty has been signed.
干得不错，指挥官，条约已经签署了。
Commander, I failed you.
指挥官，我让你失望了。
I put the whole operation in jeopardy when I told Yuri that the world leaders were meeting in London.
我告诉尤里世界各国领导人正在伦敦开会，这让整个行动陷入危险。
As of this moment, I'm tending my resignation.
从现在开始，我将提交辞职申请。
You're a vital part of this team, Lieutenant. If you think you're the only officer ever to have his brain twisted by that maniac,
你是这个团队的重要一员，中尉。如果你认为你是唯一一个被那个疯子扭曲了大脑的军官，
you're free to leave.
你可以走了。
Otherwise, I won't hear any more foolishness about resignations.
否则，我不会再听到任何关于辞职的胡言乱语。
Are you with us?
你和我们在一起吗?
Yes, Sir.
是的，先生。
Thank you, Sir.
谢谢您，先生。
Now let's concentrate on finding this madman before he can do any more damage.
现在，让我们集中精力在他再次造成破坏之前找到他。
General, I think I have something.
将军，我想我找到了一些东西。
Well, let's hear it.
好吧，我们听听看。
I've been triangulating Yuri's transmission, Sir.
我一直在对尤里的信号进行三角测量，长官。
I believe I've tracked his location.
我相信我已经追踪到他的位置了。
Good to have you back, Lieutenant.
很高兴你回来了，中尉。
Well, I'll be dipping molasses.
好吧，我会蘸糖蜜。
He's holed up in the Antarctic.
他躲在南极。
OK. This is it Commander.
好的，这是指挥官。
The whole enchilada.
整个墨西哥卷饼。
Prepare to move out.
准备搬出去。
Our forces will deploy at Tierra del Fuego, at the southernmost tip of South America.
我们的部队将部署在南美最南端的火地岛。
A new device called Genetic Mutator. You've met my brutes in battlefield.
一种叫基因突变器的新装置，你在战场上见过我的野兽。
With this device, I can't convert any of your pathetic infantry in your loyal.
有了这个装置，我就能把你们那些可怜的步兵变成忠诚的。
Loyal to me, that is.
忠于我，就是。
Loyal to me, that is.
忠于我，就是。
Listen to me, you will obey.
听我的，你会服从的。
Faith or there'll be no dessert tonight.
如果你不相信，今晚就没有甜点了。
I'm Yuri.
我是尤里。
And you will obey.
你会服从的。
We've got a nice safe spot for him to live out in the days Professor Einstein called.
我们为他找了一个安全的地方，在那里，爱因斯坦教授称之为“美好的日子”。
The psychic isolation chamber.
精神隔离室。
Thanks to you commander, he won't be able to mind control a family.
多亏了你，指挥官，他无法控制一个家庭。
What's going on?
发生什么事了？
We're picking up a time distortion wave, general.
我们正在接收时间扭曲波，将军。
Say I'm urging one series of events must take precedence over Zaza timelines merging in 321.
我说，我敦促一系列事件必须优先于 Zaza 的时间线，合并在 321 年。
We are now at Death Haunted.
我们现在在死亡之屋。
What the devil is going on, Lieutenant? He surfaced. Mr.
怎么回事，中尉？他浮出水面了。
President?
总统？
How you been, Mr. President?
总统先生，你好吗？
General Carville.
卡维尔将军。
How did you ever hear time travel, Sir?
你怎么会听说过时间旅行，先生？
What do you think?
你觉得呢?
President's having a victory bash at the White House tonight, so I thought maybe my.
总统今晚在白宫举行庆祝胜利的宴会，所以我想我也应该去。
You coming Commander?
你来吗，指挥官？
That wasn't supposed to happen.
这本来不应该发生的。
Professor Doc.
多克教授。
Yeah, you still have that time machine, right?
是的，你还有时间机器，对吧？
Good. Could you send me back in time 2 hours?
好的，请把我送回 2 小时前。
I don't think you got your timeline straight.
我觉得你的时间线不对。
Cortana Replay.
Cortana 重播。